README.md, before:

# PyTA Help Website

This is the source of the website which students can consult for common error
messages from both Python and PyTA itself.

To generate the website, follow these steps:

1. Install `pandoc`. Make sure that after you've installed it, you can open the
   command line and run `pandoc -v` to get the version installed.
2. In the command line, go to the website directory and run
   `python build.py` (or `python3 build.py` if your default Python version is 2.*).

After this, you should be able to open `gen/index.html` and see the demo webpage.

## Troubleshooting:

1. For Mac users, open python file `includes.py` under `website/filters`. On the
   first line, change `#!/usr/bin/env python` to `#!/usr/bin/env python3`.
2. In the command line, go to the website directory and run `ls -l filters` to
   check if the file permission is executable. If you get `-rw-r--r--` in your
   output, that means the file is read and write only. To make the file also
   executable, run `chmod u+x filters/includes.py`. Now for a final check,
   run `ls -l filters` again, if you get `-rwxr--r--` in the output, you've
   successfully changed the file permission. Now try build the website again.

Commit message:

Mention the pandocfilters dependency in the README
.. since the build process requires the pandocfilters module.

README.md, after:

# PyTA Help Website

This is the source of the website which students can consult for common error
messages from both Python and PyTA itself.

To generate the website, follow these steps:

1. Install `pandoc`. Make sure that after you've installed it, you can open the
   command line and run `pandoc -v` to get the version installed.
2. Install the `pandocfilters` module. You can install from `PyPI` with 
   `pip install pandocfilters` (or `pip3 install pandocfilters` if your default
   Python version is 2.*).
3. In the command line, go to the website directory and run
   `python build.py` (or `python3 build.py` if your default Python version is 
   2.*).

After this, you should be able to open `gen/index.html` and see the demo webpage.

## Troubleshooting:

1. For Mac users, open python file `includes.py` under `website/filters`. On the
   first line, change `#!/usr/bin/env python` to `#!/usr/bin/env python3`.
2. In the command line, go to the website directory and run `ls -l filters` to
   check if the file permission is executable. If you get `-rw-r--r--` in your
   output, that means the file is read and write only. To make the file also
   executable, run `chmod u+x filters/includes.py`. Now for a final check,
   run `ls -l filters` again, if you get `-rwxr--r--` in the output, you've
   successfully changed the file permission. Now try build the website again.
